Machine learning guide 10.13 (#296)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/anomaly-detection-bundle/anomaly-detection-using-demo-device.md

A demo device can be registered instead of registering a real phone and used as a replica of an actual mobile phone.

> 1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload the *AnomalyDetectionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. A new project is created with the name **AnomalyDetectionDemoProject_uuid** having a total of 6 resources. The project contains a script with name *DemoDeviceCreator.py* in the **Code** folder, that registers a demo device in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and also a *CONFIG.json* file in the **Data** folder of Machine Learning Workbench (MLW).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload the *AnomalyDetectionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. A new project is created with the name **AnomalyDetectionDemoProject_{UUID}**, where `UUID` is a system generated unique identifier. This project has a total of 6 resources. The project contains a script with name *DemoDeviceCreator.py* in the **Code** folder, that registers a demo device in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and also a *CONFIG.json* file in the **Data** folder of Machine Learning Workbench (MLW).
```
We should clarify that UUID is auto-generated identifier.

> 1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload *AnomalyDetectionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. A new project will be created with the name **AnomalyDetectionDemoProject_uuid** having a total of 6 resources. The project contains a script with name *DemoDeviceCreator.py* in the **Code** folder, that registers a demo device in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and also a *CONFIG.json* file in the **Data** folder of the Machine Learning Workbench (MLW).

Reviewer 2: Same question here. Where does "it" refer to? I would better leave it "a new project is created".
and upload > and upload the

> 2. Select *CONFIG.json* in the **Data** folder and click the edit icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-edit-icon.png" alt="Edit" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> to edit the *CONFIG.json*.

Reviewer 2: I would not use an article here as this refers to an entry in the Data folder.

3. Update the values of *c_url*, *c_user* and *c_pass* with your tenant credentials and click the save icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-save-icon.png" alt="Save" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> at the right of the top menu bar.

> 4. Select *DemoDeviceCreator.py* in the **Code** folder and click the execute icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-execute-icon.png" alt="Execute" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> at the right of the top menu bar and fill the form with "DemoDeviceCreator" as **Task Name**, "ONE TIME" as **Recurrence** and click submit icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-submit-icon.png" alt="Submit" style="display:inline-block; margin:0">.

Reviewer 2: click submit icon > click the submit icon

A script *AnomalySimulatorForDemoDevice.py* has been attached which simulates sending of alternate anomalous and non-anomalous readings to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} from our demo device. This script can be used to depict the generation of anomalies.

> All you need to do is to run the script it as explained before.

Reviewer 2: it as > as
